[select] select doc update v11 (#3282)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/select/usage.mdx

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Live demo</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variants</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Formatting</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Behaviors</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

> The select component is used for collecting user-provided information from a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The select component collects user-provided information from a
```

> list of options. Selects are usually used in forms, where a user submits data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list of options. Selects are usually used in forms where a user submits data
```

and chooses one option from a list.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Select component](images/select-usage-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### When to use

- Use the select component inside a form where users are selecting from a list
  of options and submitting data.

- When the experience is mostly form-based.

#### When not to use

It is best practice not to use a select if there are fewer than three options
for selection. In this case, use a
[radio button](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/radio-button/usage/)
group instead.

#### Select versus Dropdown

While the select and
[dropdown](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/dropdown/usage/) components

> look similar, but they have different functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
look similar, they have different functions.
```

- A select presents a list of options from which the users can select only one

>   item from that list. It works best in forms when users select an option from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It works best in forms when users choose an option from
```

  the select list and submit data.

- A dropdown presents a list of options that users can select one or several
  options from that list. Dropdown options are used for taking an action,
  filtering, or sorting existing content.

Another important difference between the two components is the underlying code.
The select component’s appearance will be determined by the browser being used,
while the dropdown component can be styled as needed.

<Row>
<Column colLg={12}>

![Dropdown versus Select](images/select-usage-2.png)

<Caption>

>   The example shows that the dropdown presents a list of options for actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Example of a dropdown list of actional options
```

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Live demo</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variants</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Formatting</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Behaviors</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

The select component collects user-provided information from a list of options.
Selects are usually used in forms where a user submits data and chooses one
option from a list.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Select component](images/select-usage-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### When to use

- Use the select component inside a form where users are selecting from a list
  of options and submitting data.

- When the experience is mostly form-based.

#### When not to use

It is best practice not to use a select if there are fewer than three options
for selection. In this case, use a
[radio button](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/radio-button/usage/)
group instead.

> #### Select versus Dropdown

Reviewer: There are some weird code things going on here in the Select versus Dropdown section.
<img width="997" alt="Screen Shot 2022-12-12 at 10 48 37 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43969356/207090145-912f941a-67c7-411e-9903-e2e624b5c3d2.png">

  states appear.

#### Order

The order of the select list should be based on the frequency of use. If
applicable, the list should be in alphabetical order or in increasing order
relative to the content.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Select order](images/select-usage-8.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### Overflow content

Avoid having multiple lines of text in a select menu. The menu items should be
no longer than three words.

## Behaviors

### States

The select has multiple interactive states for both default and inline variants:
**enabled**, **hover**, **focus**, **open**, **error**, **warning**, and
**disabled**.

| State       | When to use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | _Enabled_   | When the select is live but a user is not directly interacting with it. This is commonly referred to as the default or normal state of the component. An enabled select field should contain a default value.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _Enabled_   | When the select is live and a user is not directly interacting with it. This is commonly referred to as the default or normal state of the component. An enabled select field should contain a default value.                                                |
```

| _Focus_     | When a user tabs to or clicks on the select field, the field becomes focused, indicating the user has successfully navigated to the component.                                                                                                               |
| _Error_     | When the required select value has not been selected. It can also be triggered due to a system error. This state requires a user response before data can be submitted or saved.                                                                             |
| _Warning_   | When you need to call the user's attention to an exception condition. The condition might not be an error but can cause problems if not resolved.                                                                                                            |
| _Disabled_  | When the user is not allowed to interact with the select due to either permissions, dependencies, or prerequisites. The disabled state completely removes the interactive function from a component. The styling is not subject to WCAG contrast compliance. |

> | _Skeleton_  | Used on an initial page load to indicate that the number input has not yet fully loaded.                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _Skeleton_  | Used on an initial page load to indicate that the select has not yet fully loaded.                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| _Read-only_ | _Coming soon!_                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

<Row>
<Column colLg={12}>

> ![Select interactive states](images/select-usage-9.png)

Reviewer: — I think you could remove the word `state` in the labels of each component in the image.
— The disabled state does not get a bottom-border rule.

</Column>
</Row>

### Interactions

#### Mouse

Users trigger a dropdown menu to open by clicking the chevron icon or clicking
anywhere within the field. Users can close the menu by clicking the chevron icon
or clicking outside of the menu. To select an option the user can click anywhere
inside an option container.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Select mouse interaction](images/select-usage-10.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### Keyboard

- The dropdown field is the element that receives focus. All keyboard
  interactions happen from this element.
- Users can open the dropdown menu by pressing `Space`, `Enter`, `Down arrow` or
  the `Up arrow`.
- Users can move the highlighted option to the next option by pressing the
  `Down arrow`.
- Users can move the highlighted option to the previous option by pressing the
  `Up arrow`.
- Users can close the dropdown menu by pressing `Escape`, `Space`, or `Enter`.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

> ![Select keyboard interaction](images/select-usage-11.png)

Reviewer: I notice in the second part of this image you have the pink overlay on the field input, I don't think it's needed in this image.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of a inline select](images/select-usage-4.png)

</Column>
</Row>

> ## Formating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Formatting
```

| _Skeleton_  | Used on an initial page load to indicate that the select has not yet fully loaded.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| _Read-only_ | _Coming soon!_                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

<Row>
<Column colLg={12}>

![Select interactive states](images/select-usage-9.png)

</Column>
</Row>

### Interactions

#### Mouse

Users trigger a dropdown menu to open by clicking the chevron icon or clicking
anywhere within the field. Users can close the menu by clicking the chevron icon
or clicking outside of the menu. To select an option, the user can click
anywhere inside an option container.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Select mouse interaction](images/select-usage-10.png)

</Column>
</Row>

> #### Keyboard

Reviewer: There is another code bug happening here.
<img width="1013" alt="Screen Shot 2022-12-12 at 10 52 53 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43969356/207091145-ccf7d663-8d7c-4f2b-a9dc-02ee5dfbfb03.png">
